Rephrasing description of agents (#8956)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-docs: docs/pipelines/agents/agents.md

To build your code or deploy your software using Azure Pipelines, you need at least one agent. As you add more code and people, you'll eventually need more.

When your pipeline runs, the system begins one or more jobs.

> An agent is computing infrastructure that installs and runs software one job at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An agent is computing infrastructure with installed agent software that runs one job at a time.
```

Author: I like it better as you suggest. It is even more explicit and clear
